---
title: "My Journey so far"
date: 2018-08-23T05:46:05+04:30
draft: true
---

I got my first computer when I was 12, but did nothing with it but to play video games until I was 14. In that time, there was a growing culture of blogging among Iranian youth and I also created my own blog on a local blogging platform (Blogfa) to write about things like video games, tech news, etc. Needing to customize the appearance and functionality of my blog, I became familiar with HTML and Javascript. With a little bit of English literacy and a lot of curiosity, I managed to learn the basics of the web technologies and after some weeks I was creating and publishing my own simple templates.

I started the high school in Tabriz (a great city in Iran with a great culture and history) and had the opportunity to participate in the Robocup classes (2D soccer simulation) held for the selection of the members of the provincial team. In those classes, I started to learn more about the computer structure, algorithms and programming languages. They taught us C/C++ and at the end of the class I ranked 2nd and found my way to the team. The other two members were from other high schools (even one from another city in the province) and we weren't able to hold our sessions on a regular basis. That leaded to a "so so" performance in the national competition and made me very upset. Being upset, not having someone to get guidance from, not getting enough support from my family and having to face Konkoor (the national entrance exam to the universities in Iran) in the coming years, resulted in focusing on preparation for Konkoor for going to a top university. I ranked 363th in Konkoor (nation-wide) and it was the time for selecting my major.

Back then, there were a little understanding about the Computer Engineering and many so-called consultants weren't suggesting anything beyond Electrical or Mechanical Engineering to the top-ranked students. It seemed like they were living in 10 year ago, even many of my friends in our high school (which was the best in the province) had not a good attitude towards CE. Despite all of this pressure from almost every direction, I put CE (Software, Hardware and then IT branches) on top of my priority list and got accepted in Sharif University of Technology (SUT). Unfortunately in those years, the choice between Software, Hardware or IT must have been made before starting the university and my rank wasn't good enough for Software Engineering of SUT so I ended up in Hardware. I could've been accepted for Software Engineering in Tehran University but for some stupid reasons I didn't want to miss the chance to attend SUT (now I know it was wrong).

The first year was almost identical between Software and Hardware but from the third semester things started to become different. I've been passing courses like Electrical Circuits, Digital Electronics, Digital Systems Design, etc (almost any Hardware-specific course) with high scores but inside I was like why we're just reading books and solving problems on paper and not coding and making things that people use? Unfortunately even for courses that are common between Software and Hardware, the quality gap were huge. I wanted to use my skills to make great software and be able to make money out of them. In those years, the local Iranian startups were blossoming and the fantasy of having my own software company was being made in my dreams. I really wanted to make my own software company, preferably a game studio. Soon I realized that Hardware isn't what I'm looking for; so I started attending Software and Management classes. In 7th semester I attended the web development classes and immediately after finishing the course I found a job at Cafebazaar (a local app store) for front-end developer. 

To fulfill my dreams of having my own company I decided to pursue an MBA. Having an almost high average between undergraduates of SUT (17.5/20.0), I got permission to enter the MBA program of Graduate School of Management and Economics of SUT without the need to attend another Konkoor. At the same time, I've got promoted to become the product manager of a relatively small part of Cafebazaar ecosystem (the Developers' Panel). It was like the world is working to make my dreams come true.